Add CI Docs (Part II) (#43)
CommunityToolkit/WindowsCommunityToolkit-wiki: CI-and-Infrastructure.md

# CI Pipeline
An [Azure instance](https://dev.azure.com/dotnet/CommunityToolkit) runs our CI pipeline.

> Our Azure pipelines configuration is found at the root of the project, [azure-pipelines.yml](https://github.com/CommunityToolkit/WindowsCommunityToolkit/blob/main/azure-pipelines.yml)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our Azure pipelines configuration is found at the root of the repository, e.g. [azure-pipelines.yml](https://github.com/CommunityToolkit/WindowsCommunityToolkit/blob/main/azure-pipelines.yml)
```

Generalizing a bit as we'll have the wiki copied to multiple repos. May investigate later a way for the clone task to customize links per repo, but that's non-trivial.

The status and results of jobs are reported as [Github Checks](https://docs.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-pull-requests/collaborating-on-repositories-with-code-quality-features/about-status-checks).
The status and results of individual steps for each job are visible on azure ( usually directly linked to in Github Checks ).

Jobs can be added and modified in the pipelines config file.
Checkout the [Azure Pipelines Doc](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/pipelines/?view=azure-devops) for more info.

The CI pipeline get triggered to run on `main`, `dev/*` or `rel/*` branches when new commits get pushed to or PRs are opened targeting those branches.

### Cake
A lot of the pipeline jobs make use of [Cake Tasks](https://cakebuild.net/docs/writing-builds/tasks/) defined in [build/build.cake](https://github.com/CommunityToolkit/WindowsCommunityToolkit/blob/main/build/build.cake).
Cake Tasks are invoked through [build/build.ps1](https://github.com/CommunityToolkit/WindowsCommunityToolkit/blob/main/build/build.ps1) in the pipelines config, and the various tasks can be ran from powershell using the **Target** option, for example `.\build.ps1 -Target UpdateHeaders`.

> It is recommended that the build scripts are invoked from the build directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

_Note: It is recommended that the build scripts are invoked from the build directory._
```
Suggest Adding Emphasis
